Update statistics-graph.markdown (#31023)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_dashboards/statistics-graph.markdown

Screenshot of the statistics graph card with a metered entity and `chart_type` `bar`.
</p>

> Statistics are gathered every 5 minutes for sensors that support it. It will either keep the `min`[^1], `max`[^1], and `mean`[^1] of a sensor's value for a specific hour or the `sum`[^1] for a metered entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Statistics are gathered every 5 minutes for sensors that support it. It will either keep the <abbr title="minimum">`min`</abbr>, <abbr title="maximum">`max`</abbr>, and <abbr title="average">`mean`</abbr> of a sensor's values for a specific hour or the `sum` for a metered entity.
```
@spacecabbie. Counterproposal: how about just adding the term average in brackets? In this way, the information is right where it is needed.

Author: I get wat you are saying in my case only mean was confusing, but IMHO we should always be as complete as possible when it comes to documenting. But I leave it up to you how to merge it.

Reviewer: I agree with you in that it is good practice to spell out abbreviations. Amended the suggestion to use the `abbr` tag. This will show a pop up.
![image](https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/assets/38767475/eab961b8-dbc0-48d9-8716-8525fcc07cde)
